cinema synopses spoiler alert genius
billionaire and playboy tony stark's is
anointed the new CEO of Stark Industries
a company that changed the face of the
weapons industry after his father /
Howard Stark passed away he goes to
war-torn Afghanistan with his friend and
military liaison a tenant Colonel James
Rhodes to demonstrate the new Messiah
for your consideration the Jericho after
the demonstration the convoy is ambushed
and Stark is critically wounded by one
of his company's rocket-propelled
grenades he is captured and imprisoned
in a cave by a terrorist group they
called themselves the ten rings
yinsen a fellow captive who is a doctor
implants and electromagnet hooked up to
a car battery into Starks chest to keep
the shrapnel shards that wounded him
from reaching his heart and killing him
ten rings leader Raza offers stark
freedom in exchange for building a
gentleness or the group but Tony and
yinsen agree Raza will not keep his word
Stark and yinsen quietly build a small
powerful electric generator called an
arc reactor to power Starks
electromagnet and a suit of powered
armor to aid in their escape although
they keep the suit hidden almost to
completion
10 rings discover their hostages and
tensions and attack the workshop you
have to tomorrow to assemble my missile
Ian's and sacrifices himself to divert
them while the suit is completed the
armoured start battles his way out of
the cave to find the dying Hinson
my turn then burns the ten rings as
weapons in anger and flies away crashing
in the desert and destroying the suit
after being rescued by Rhodes next I
brought with me okay
Stark returns home and announces that
his company will no longer manufacture
weapons I am shutting down the weapons
manufacture division this is the first
time in the Marvel series that we are
formally introduced to shield strategic
homeland intervention enforcement and
logistics division which approaches
Stark's assistant Potts in hopes of
inviting Stark to join the Avengers team
Obadiah Stane his father's old partner
and the company's manager advises stark
that this may ruin Stark Industries and
his father's legacy what do you think
the over-under in stock drop is gonna be
in his home workshop Stark builds a
sleeker more powerful version of his
improvised armor suit as well as a more
powerful art Cree actor for his chest
don't ever asked me to do anything like
that ever again personal assistant
Pepper Potts places the original reactor
inside a small glass showcase those
stain request details stark keeps his
work to himself because he is suspicious
of his company she did a review at a
charity held by Stark Industries
reporter Christine Everhart informed
stark that his company's weapons
including the Jericho were recently
delivered to the ten rings and are being
used to attack
Vincent's home village town called
gulmira
Stark then learns that the stain has
been arms trafficking to criminals
worldwide if we doubled
- and is staging a coup to replace him
as Stark Industries as CEO I was the one
who found the injunction against you
start dawns as new armor and flies to
Afghanistan where he saves the villagers
while flying home start his shot at by T
f-22 Raptor fighter jets he reveals his
secret identity to Rhodes over the phone
in an attempt to end the attack
meanwhile the ten rings gather the
pieces of Starks prototype suit and meet
with stain I will give you these designs
as a gift who subdues Raza and has the
rest of the group killed alright let's
finish up here
stain has a massive new suit reverse
engineered from the wreckage we leave
our top engineers I want to prototype
right away seeking to track his
company's illegal shipments Stark sends
pepper to hack into its database to find
my weapons she discovers stained hired
the ten rings to kill Stark
but the group reneged Potts meets with
agent Phil Coulson of shield an
intelligence agency to inform him of
Steen's activities stain scientists
cannot duplicate Starks miniaturized arc
reactors so stain ambushes Stark at his
home and takes the one from his chest
whirring I was killing the Golden Goose
[Music]
golden hey Stark manages to get his
original reactor to replace it
good boy Potts and several shield agents
attempt to arrest stained
she's with five ages about the rest over
down but he dons his suit and attacks
level stark fight stain but his
outmatched without his new reactor to
run his suit at full capacity the fight
carries stark and stain to the top of
the Stark Industries building and stark
instruct spots to overload the large arc
reactor powering the building driving
impaired this unleashes a massive
electrical surge that causes steam and
his armor to fall into the exploding
reactor killing him the next day at a
press conference stark the five
suggestions from shield just stick to
the official statement and soon this
will all be behind you and publicly
admits to being the superhero the press
had dubbed truth is I am Iron Man
in a post-credits scene shield director
Nick Fury visits stark at home telling
him and explaining that he wants maybe
to talk to you about the Avenger
initiative
[Music]
you